What are you trying to do to me?
Why does this dead child speak so badly?
Just the idea of firing a shot, please go home and sit down?
Go back and sit
Just like that.
The kind that can't get away if you go, right?
You little bitch!
We are in love with flesh and blood, regardless of the past
You still mention that year
Do you really think
Have we all forgotten what happened back then?
Come and have a look if you pass by
Look at this little fox
What did you do back then?
Shameful thing
Who am I scolding?
I'm scolding you
At a young age, just like your mother did
Just a piece of bitch material
He actually robbed someone else's man
Ah, three years ago.
This quiet man seduces married men?
Caught in bed by my wife
You haven't forgotten this, have you?
The heroine of that world
Just stand here
This slutty woman
Oh, dear.
When I left Jiangbei City three years ago
That lover probably didn't forget
It's only been a few years.
Did you drop the p and call it back?
Oh, you really think we have a bad memory?